Fix erroneous usage of undefined asciidoctor attributes (#1367)
codenvy/che-docs: src/main/pages/che-7/overview/con_persistent-volume-configuration.adoc

When the `common` PVC strategy is in use,  user-defined PVCs are ignored and volumes that refer to these user-defined PVCs are replaced with a volume that refers to the common PVC.
In this strategy, all {prod-short) workspaces use the same PVC. When the user runs one workspace, it only binds to one node in the cluster at a time.

> The corresponding containers volume mounts link to a common volume, and sub-paths are prefixed with `'<workspaceID>/<originalPVCName>'`. For more details, see xref:how-subpaths-are-used-in-pvcs_{context}[].

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The corresponding containers volume mounts link to a common volume, and sub-paths are prefixed with `_<workspace-ID>_` or `__<original-PVC-name>__`. For more details, see xref:how-subpaths-are-used-in-pvcs_{context}[].
```

* They are provisioned with generated names to prevent naming conflicts with other PVCs in a namespace.

> *  Subpaths of the mounted Physical persistent volumes that reference user-defined PVCs are prefixed with `<workspace id>/<PVC name>`. This ensures that the same PV data structure is set up with different PVC strategies. For details, see xref:how-subpaths-are-used-in-pvcs_{context}[].

Reviewer: ```suggestion
*  Subpaths of the mounted Physical persistent volumes that reference user-defined PVCs are prefixed with `_<workspace-ID>_` or `__<PVC-name>__`. This ensures that the same PV data structure is set up with different PVC strategies. For details, see xref:how-subpaths-are-used-in-pvcs_{context}[].
```

    ...
----

> When a user defines volumes for components in the devfile, all components that define the volume of the same name will be backed by the same directory in the PV as `<PV>/<workspaceid>/<originalpvcname>`. Each component can have this location mounted on a different path in its containers.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When a user defines volumes for components in the devfile, all components that define the volume of the same name will be backed by the same directory in the PV as `__<PV-name>__`, `__<workspace-ID>__, or `__<original-PVC-name>__`. Each component can have this location mounted on a different path in its containers.
```
